136 - Dialog with "prominent" disclosure to request location (#142)
medic/medic-android: README.md

# Release notes

## 0.7.0

### Changes

- [feature] [medic-android#136](https://github.com/medic/medic-android/issues/136): Add UI for prominent disclosure when requesting for permissions.

### Notes

> The new view that requests location permissions has in the source code text translated to the main languages we support. These translation don't follow the rules from the [How To Manage Translations](https://docs.communityhealthtoolkit.org/core/overview/translations/) because Android has its own [localization framework](https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/resources/localization) and there are just a handful of phrases translated.

Reviewer: Good to have this! Suggested changes for clarity:

```suggestion
The text used in the new location permission request is in the Android wrapper app itself (`medic-android`), and translated differently than [CHT Core labels](https://docs.communityhealthtoolkit.org/core/overview/translations/). Any additions or modifications to translations in `medic-android` are done in the `strings.xml` files according to the [Android localization framework](https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/resources/localization).
```
